hello how are you family well
welcome one more day to my channel I'm
javi oliveira if you didn't know me well here you
have me all for you this
time I have a video that we probably won't
finish I don't promise anything
you guys stay and when the
end of the video comes around I'll tell you if there's a
second part a third a fourth or we'll
see how many no but man
this is a video that you've asked me for
a lot I literally have them I'm exaggerating it
's thousands and thousands of comments
asking me to make this video I was
commenting on it once in a live and for
me whatever you ask me and what was promised is a
debt and for me whatever you ask me is an
order because I owe it to my audience I
owe it to you okay I'm crazy about
you all and I love you so much but of course I
mean we can't make an infinite video here
because we're talking about the
lies of maria patiño this woman doesn't
even tell the doctor the truth anymore
I don't think that maria patiño has the
intention of lying because she's a
liar because she's a mythomaniac but
rather what  I see this
girl is that she goes around disguised with
opinions as it suits her and as she has to
crawl to keep her
job sometimes I have to
admit it even pity
although later it does a lot of harm to people
then I forget the truth is that
I believe that when you study so many
years of career if
Maria Patiño has studied them to get to
have the position that she already has in
television, well man you owe it to your
profession and it is a profession that is
also owed to dignity so if from
one day to the next you change your mind
when in reality you don't change your mind
but you pretend to have changed your
mind because they told you either go
this way or you're out on the street, well man,
a lot of dignity and a lot of credibility, like you're
not staying I say surely
surely we will have time to
finish the video here because
surely at this moment that I am
recording the video while I record it
while the editor edits it
surely Maria Patiño has invented
five more lies but it depends on
you that I continue making these
videos okay point number one what I
am going to ask you well I am not going to ask it I will let you
know and  whoever wants to do it and
whoever doesn't, it's okay, the
member option is activated also in this channel,
the member option because you
want to collaborate with this channel so
that it doesn't go down, okay, there are some
occasions when there are no topics or the
visits are not enough and to continue
maintaining the channel, well, men have to
give at least enough to eat, so
if you want, whoever wants, okay, it's not
mandatory but if you want to become
members, then there is the button so you can
become a member and second, of
course, completely free to
subscribe and you have a beautiful button that
says subscribe absolutely free, I
ask this option please and
obligatorily, please and
obligatorily and that you give the jce to the
video and let me know in the
comments box if you want a second part
of this video or even why not if
you want other similar videos of other characters and who I won't go into more detail about and let's get to the point, there is a lot of ironing, as she likes to say, no, you, María Patiño, has been a collaborator and television presenter on various
channels, in most cases she has
focused on the press  Rosa and the
news of the heart born in Galicia
but raised in Seville began her
work as a reporter for various
news channels there for the
last 20 years she has specialized in
the salsa of television passing through the
chains of a tres medias and Mediaset
during the last years I wanted to start
this video by saying something good about Maria
Patiño so that you can see that I am more or
less objective and I'm not just telling you the
bad things Maria Patiño has achieved something very
difficult and that is to improve with her version of
Ibai's laughter you know the very famous on the
internet laughter device and Maria Patiño has not
only managed to match the
sound but she also does it crying
and that makes it something epic
[Music]
says
[Laughter]
Maria
[Music]
the audio already joking aside if you
had to ask me something good about
Maria Patiño well I would say that the truth
is that it has quite a merit to be 51
years old and to have spent more than 20 years
dedicated to what she does and to have
known how to separate her private life from what
is her work even working where she
works because let's remember that this  woman
works in the television factory that I
believe is literally the production company
that respects the least well I think this
is super literal in fact that
respects its workers the least
even to the point of recording them and recording the
conversations they have on the phone
while they are in advertising
and they are confident that
nothing is being broadcast literally you become a
collaborator of this program and it
seems that it already turns you into a character and
that it gives some kind of right to these
people to call it somehow to
investigate your private life and
find out that your mother used to serve sandwiches
when she went to school well notice
that Maria Patiño has managed to separate
that or at least get them to respect her in
that aspect and if you notice that
her partner has only appeared a
couple of times in some statement or
images on the internet or in the media and of
her son who is already 21 years old
well more or less the same one or two
photos that appeared in a magazine achieving
this working on Sálvame you already know that it
is very difficult because it is a program in
which immediately just by
collaborating there it already becomes your  life in
a controversy I think so the only rumor
about some love affair taking away what
she wanted to say was when it was
rumored that she could have had something with
Jesulín de Ubrique if you want to know more
about this subject well you have a
documentary that I made in two parts in two
videos okay about Jesulín de Ubrique on
this same channel however María
Patiño has had the opportunity on
some occasions to tell some
intimacy some crazy intimacy
for example that occasion in which she
said that she had a certain fetish with
feet basically she liked to suck
feed she
really is about feet I like to
eat feet never in your life I would
never have hit you I don't believe that
about normal food I about the other like
all this has made me laugh a lot
because you have reminded me on YouTube see
that the kids are going to remember when we
mention it it was not cracker the
foot sucker cracker he was a youtuber who got
horny with a cold feet well in
the case of this youtuber the liking for
feet well it was something quite murky
done because it was said that she had
asked some underage girls for pictures of their feet I
can be
original and have pictures of little feet
and if I break blisters imagine Accra
on the beach shouting at the cold and
saying morena that those ankles don't
go
hungry look skull and most of the controversies that María Patiño has gotten into throughout her career have been for doing something that for me is what most belittles your career if you are dedicating yourself to what you do and that is lying on more than one
occasion several Patiño has told
quite serious lies about some
television personalities that literally well I think have
completely ruined this person's career but of course taking into
account that we are talking about her
working on Sálvame I think that when
Sálvame ends she cannot work
anywhere else that is why she drags herself out so much
because she herself knows it we are
talking about Sálvame which is a program
that a week ago a collaborator made a
fool of himself because he presented a
photograph of Isabel Pantoja on the beach they
were selling it for several
days as an exclusive bombshell and it turns
out that a lady came out
completely anonymous saying that the
photographs were hers and that she wasn't
Isabel Pantoja simply that she had
dark hair and a very pulled
back ponytail and sunglasses
immediately what they did with that
collaborator was hire him sign him
for their program so that is the level the
reason why he lies well we can't
know surely pressure from his
boss I remember one occasion in which we
were talking about the sentence that Antonio
Davis won for this program and within that
sentence some
contracts for this program were revealed and one of the
clauses that they put in those contracts
at least for this collaborator was that it
could not be derailed from the path
that the program was taking something
like that they put or not derailed and strayed
from the guidelines that the program was indicating
something like that and that now each
one can understand it as they want maybe he
only lies because he likes to attract
attention as happens to him in this click that you
are going to see now what attracts
attention is something that has given me that I
love as well as as well as your
attention whenever I can at
any time saying everything
contrary to what people say for example
or dancing in the way that nobody goes
incredible Maria Patiño interpreting the
action of the little mermaid maybe she even
does it better than the actress that they have run
for him there is action of which by the way I
also have a video on my
main channel talking about this controversy
when Walt Disney chose the actress
who is going to play the little mermaid I
see you there the video if my editor puts it
on the screen and it is very
good for you to remember it because in a few
days specifically on September 10
the first official trailer is going to be presented at the Disney Expo
and I am looking forward to
seeing it because surely in the end
after so much criticism but in the end I am
sure that we love lies they
are not the only problem that Maria
Patiño has she also has another problem and that is that she
is very permeable to whoever wants to
know what she is talk to me well talk to me
too for example Belén Esteban Belén
Esteban is very famous on Twitter in
all parts of the world because she is the one with
the memes in fact on many
occasions she has told how they stop her for
the  street they call her you're the one from the
memes and they know who she is to maria patiño they
make her many months because her
tongue often complicates itself and not
when she's going to suck feet but when
pronouncing a word not to look for
hours
the
other titles can you explain to me how it is
pronounced and she has already earned the respect
of the public 19 years ago
after a great like ursula
corberó and map ton ni kim and she has already
announced that she is definitively retiring
from music lady gaga could be
pregnant because she is very much in love with
my boyfriend i turned on cooper imagined a
person how she is getting the position
that she has gotten as a presenter of
several programs at the
television factory but completely normal that she sells
her opinion not her soul this is necessary
because she has seen us in another like it in
life I did not even expect it but anyway let's
start with the top that I have
prepared for you in this video and this
time i am going to start with
seahorses during 2008 there was an
important controversy in which seahorse at
that time falete's partner was
accused of faking a kidnapping and saying that
his partner  Falete was an accomplice to the
lie, which was a hot topic in
all the programs, gestures of the heart, and
beyond whether he is guilty or not,
everything pointed to the fact that he was, although at that
time he did not go to jail, he went to
jail a year later, but for other
reasons, in the program 'Where
are you, heart', which was one of the
programs with the highest audience at the time, on
Antenna 3, where Maria Patiño worked, the
mother of this character, character
people, that is, seahorse, was a
geeky character like him, she is just the mother
of this man, she had to come out and
deny some things, some
accusations and statements that Maria
Patiño had made, but I would take the opportunity to
tell Maria Patiño that
no one, not even the police, ever came to my house
looking for my son, and that my son would not kill
me, and that she should tell Maria Patiño that
report better before speaking, I
love that the ladies, already in
2008, are getting a little ahead of the
future, are asking Maria Patiño to
inform herself before speaking, advice
that Maria Patiño has not followed
throughout the last decade  where every
break and something that paralyzes me and it is not the
fear of the information that I have but the
respect for the age that you have I am
aware of situations if not
extreme dramas that you have had to
live with your son,
people very, very close to me have intervened that is a
lie
look you say it is a lie and I
stick with what you say very well
thank you Maria the old woman looked
quite convincing and if
what she is denying is not true at least she
looks quite convinced and she believes it
in November 2021 the
socialite program presented by Maria Patiño
told us about a supposed crisis between
the couple Kiko Matamoros and Marta
López Marta López in love they told us
that they were going through a
difficult time in the situation and that
a breakup was probably approaching they
had stopped following each other on the networks and
I know that he is upset with
her because in some way he feels
betrayed but we do not know why
with Kiko Matamoros I have a problem and 5
with Marta because they are also real
I think that there he does a  a little bit of
theater because he feels completely
caught and something must have happened
because I insist he discovers that the
word lie is very strong but he
discovers something about her that he doesn't like
at all but also for
him Alejandra see is that to leave us
like a daughter that he has practically
seen being born regardless of whether he
likes young girls or rather it is that
but then maybe Marta you have
doubts as you can see in these images that we have
just seen Maria Patiño dares to
make several statements that already
go a little beyond what is
speculation and she dares to affirm
things in which even
Alejandra Rubio, Terelu's daughter, is getting involved I want
you to keep in mind the detail that my
editor will now be doing his in the
same images that you have just seen and that
is that there are a few frames
where we can see how in Sálvame Kiko
Matamoros is like chatting worried about his
cell phone and we have Maria Patiño
next to him it doesn't seem that she is very close to
him trying to gossip about what he is
doing with his phone this news is not
given because Kiko Matamoros  start
talking about their relationship and their possible
breakup this news is given because
Maria Patiño somehow finds out
that in the middle of the Sálvame de
Luxe program the day before and with Matamoros she had
had a strong argument with her
partner during a commercial break on
Sálvame pay attention because that is not the
only argument the couple has
minutes before being asked on the
deluxe why he follows his girlfriend on
Instagram the collaborator has a
conversation on the phone with her that
was not exactly in a friendly tone
well Kiko
but
in the eyes information that comes to
this program casts doubt on whether Kiko and
Martha Esther are doing well since they assure us
that the collaborator would have
recently discovered a lie from his girlfriend
that would have wreaked havoc on the relationship
that they are going through their first major crisis
pico and Marta the problem with this news
is not that she affirmed these things and
they were with speculations as such
the problem with this news is that at one
point in the program they quoted
sexual words that had occurred in
the conversation that
Kiko and Marta had had on the phone at that moment in
which they were chatting therefore
Kiko Matamoros was very clear
when he accused Maria Patiño of having
looked at his cell phone and having given that
information to his program I congratulate you and the
only thing I regret is that
yesterday's audience was not
up to the criminal effort but
a crime
surely committed Kiko Matamoros never got to
sue this because in the end he is a
little bit of a slave to that program too
and the truth is that everything has been said
about him and his family and he doesn't give a damn
at this point there was a very
funny moment when Carlota Corredera
interrupted this program that you just
saw not letting Kiko finish to
defend the television factories
saying that they had never violated
anyone's privacy
ever and Ximo never pretended that the
owners of the program were accused of
operation luna no how in vain no because they
had a policeman who gave them the
police records of the famous people he
asked no at the request of those on the program there
are no famous people and the
collaborators it's not like you record
people while you are supposedly in advertising
and the serious ones even
talking on  the phone that goes down more
is gorgeous girl that you are seeing
on screen enrique ponce's girlfriend
is called anna soria and she is a young woman
originally from almeria a
law student who has been given a hard time
on occasion on sálvame and of
course also on the program that
maria patiño presents every
weekend socialite on a romantic afternoon
of bullfighting ends up entering the bullfighting fans
rebel and anna flees the plaza
insulted reprimanded and booed in the
bullring of granada there was
a great tension that ended with the
bullfighter's girlfriend leaving the plaza
through the back door two
older ladies were reprimanding her they were saying everything to her we
scolded her and we told her to respect the
safety distance and if not she would
leave she didn't like that in fact she got
angry and got up this is the story
that was told on socialite according to
an article read by cope and la
vanguardia in which maria patiño and her
team made up this story and I
say made up  in this story
because ana soria had to go on her
social networks to
immediately deny it by posting the following
yesterday I left the bullring in
granada because I felt dizzy and decided to
leave everything else is completely
made up that you feel bad and you
leave because you're getting a little overwhelmed
by the crowd or whatever maria
patiño and her team translates that
news to mean that they were
scolding you because you didn't respect the
safety rules for kobe and that
since you didn't like the rules you left
reprimanded and it turns out that in the end
maria patiño had to come out to
apologize once again and i'm going
to say once again because on some occasions she has been forced in others even if she has been forced at least she should have been a little ashamed in many others in most she has not rectified surely this year listen if it is one that was brutal and it is when they told on this same program
that an armed man had entered a
dressing room while the singer chanel was giving a
concert the
height of her success with the
back and after the success she had at
Eurovision and all that and well it was
quite serious information imagined
Chanel's relatives when
they found out through socialite and various media that echoed the information of socialite that Chanel has been accosted attacked in some way by an armed man and without knowing how being the angel rex from the editorial office tell me colleagues what happened with Chan in Poland as I
told you before an error on the part
of the singer's security team
is causing a person a
man who we don't know if he's funk or not to
sneak into the artist's backstage with
a gun an event that ended with the
intervention of the police arresting
this man it was a lie okay here you have
the story that Chanel uploaded at the time
please do not invent news and
less if they are as serious as what is being
said worry my family and
my friends I am fine
nothing has happened regrettable the truth regrettable
invented another victim of the lies of
socialite or at least that is how
Diego Arrabal tells it this lie of  Maria
Patiño and her socialite collaborators
happened last year when they accused
Diego Arrabal of calling the police
to have a tent that
covered the visibility of the press and the
paparazzi of
Anabel Pantoja moved without any kind of proof
so that you understand basically at
Anabel Pantoja's wedding
a tent had been hired so that the
guests would be more sheltered and
with more privacy let's say not because it was
like a beach well in fact but it creates
an island a beach that any
paparazzi who was surrounding
there could record videos as many as they wanted
this tent apparently did
not have all the licenses well
closed although Anabel said that she
had arranged everything and that everything was
legal and all that stuff but
somehow they called the civil guard and they
were forced to remove the tent
then socialite accused Diego Arrabal
of being the culprit in calling the
civil guard to screw up
Anabel Pantoja's exclusive to let Pantoja have
and now I find out that you have
found out that  there is someone who called
the civil guard with the intention of
specifically annoying Anabel that's right
Mariah I'm going to give you the name that
the colleagues who were
there are considering, there have been several colleagues who
have mentioned this person and it is Diego
Arrabal, known perfectly well by
all of us, this Diego Arrabal immediately came out
to deny it on his
YouTube channel explaining that he had
nothing to do with it here you can believe
whoever you want okay about Diego Arrabal
we have the background that when he
told us that he had been recording on
the road with a cell phone on his forehead
if you don't know what I'm talking about watch the
video okay
the editor will be putting it here for you also that
very good video and well in this
sincerely, well I give a vote of
confidence to Diego who seems to be
very sure when the signature is
also adding that Maria Patiño and her team do
not have any kind of proof to
make this accusation therefore he did
not have to deny much this
is totally a lie I'm going to
prove it to you tonight Maria Maria for you I'm going to prove it to
you  to you and your
beloved director to david linares
but there are limits and here the limit is the
warned one don't be because the first thing
a program has to do
is have some problem
something like saying well we continue
investigating what are you going to investigate alba
carrillo also very well known on
this channel responded as
follows in 2019 to some accusations
that were made to them without thinking twice
on socialite stating that the model would have had a fling with omar montes you know chabelita's ex who destroyed borja escalona with his fists with the only argument that she would have been defending him when he was on big brother maria patiño in response to
this girl coming out to deny this she
replied saying that it will be heard well
that it will be seen well what they had said the
program that the program should be seen before giving an
opinion and honestly watching the
program it was exactly what was said was
exactly what we had understood
everything in April of last year when
the whole hurricane was happening to this
derocío carrasco the documentary and well
surely many of  you didn't
know and Miguel free people accused
Maria Patiño of liking tweets that
accused her colleague Belén Esteban of
trivializing the abuse and also with
this light she also left the
television production company
where she works and to which she owes a bad name. At
first, Maria Patiño when she
received this accusation she denied it but of
course when they checked when they
checked her profile from the management it was
seen that she had indeed liked
that publication.
The management does not want me to talk about the fact
that I am giving likes to tweets that they
put Vélez down for Maria.
It seems that they have been able to give likes
without knowing it but right now in
your profile it seems that it can be
verified for me this episode is key
in the story of Maria Patiño because
really just by seeing the look and the
face of Maria Patiño when she is
doing this, Maria Patiño thinks
something totally contrary to what the
television factory is trying to
sell regarding the issue of Rocío
Carrasco and Antonio David. Gosh, Patiño at
first was objective  and he said that what he had
experienced throughout
his career didn't fit with the
Rocíto documentary there was a moment when they
pulled his ear and said Maria, do you
think in favor of those at Hogar Asco or
ask you from here well these images when they
catch her we can see the terror she
has of being fired from her job
goat and sack or not everything was going to
stain me you give like by
mistake to the man but how am I
going to give it lay to that but why didn't it
scare him well now our first sentence like that
serum because I don't like it at all it's
a word that I like to watch how
a free person gets who can have whatever opinion they
want he doesn't get like that I have
no doubt that you
accidentally hit him Maria look at me no but I have to I have to
prove it I'm lying the lion I
say it I was there he was we captured him
in a thousand ways this is a scared cry
and
some terror here you have yours to the one who
gave it there and yes it was on his profile and
in that cry that you just saw is the
terror okay  if i see chuck and from here he
comes out of the shelf he opens the
shelf and goes around here rolling around my
room and has a beer I wouldn't
get as shaky as
maria patiño has gotten here because the anp and already or
what if family as I predicted at the
beginning of the video this video gives me enough
for a second part and that's how it's going to be we're
going to leave it here for today because
i want to extend myself quite well in the
second video that i'm going to do
surely what i'm telling you with
maria patiño's mistakes it's not that they'll give me enough
for a second video surely with
maria patiño's lies it'll give me enough for
a saga of the lord of the rings' what i
said okay i want you to give it a like to
reveal the like button if you want me to
bring it now i want suddenly in the
like button and for the video to have more
likes than views i don't know if that's possible
but to make it possible you go and that you
put your opinion in the comment box
above all family a pleasure
thank you very much for having come this far
see you tomorrow with the video
tomorrow see you in the live
and i'll send you a  huge hug
[Music]